So you saw how you can pick the image,
now one important note about the format of the image we get. You saw we get this res object which
seems to have a URI which holds a path to the image we picked but that's all nice and all right.
We also get the image in a different format though,
we also get it as a base64 encoded string which basically is a string representation of the image which
you can for example use to also transfer it over the device,
stuff like that.
You can also use the normal image but I will actually use this base64
version, so the image as a string
to in the next module
send it to some server so that we can store it on a server and not just on our local device where
of course everything will be lost whenever our application relaunches.
So therefore in on image picked, I will not only pass the URI but also another property which
I'll name base64 where I extract res.data.
Data is a property provided by this res object which will store or which will hold the image as base
64 data,
that is something I will use in the next lecture.
If you don't need this however, you can turn it off by going to the configuration of the image picker
and setting no data to true,
this will improve the performance a little bit because converting the image to base64 takes a little
bit of time and therefore, this can save performance
but I will not use this here because I will actually take advantage of base64 to transfer it to my
server as I
just explained.
Just wanted to make you aware of this,
you can turn it off and you can use it, whatever you need,
we will use it.
With that let's conclude this module.